What are you doing?
Oh.
Well...
I saw that you were busy,
so I didn't want to bother you.
Are you hungry?
No.
Well, I am.
Just in time.
I'm almost done making breakfast.
Do you want to eat together?
But I haven't brushed my teeth yet.
So what?
I don't brush my teeth
before breakfast anyway.
Ew.
Rin!
Tan told me that you're going
to take a shower. Here.
Here's some clothes.
Thank you.
The bathroom's this way.
Okay.
What's up with you?
Uhh, it's nothing.
Don't look at me like that.
Eat up.
He doesn't usually cook.
If it's just me,
he'll make instant noodles at most.
Hey, this is a double standard!
Are you sick?
Or can't you help yourself?
Hey, I'm older than you.
I can't even tease you.
By the way,
you're cousins, right?
You two seem close.
I'm an only child.
I'm jealous.
Oh, no. Don't be jealous.
It's such a headache being with him.
You're a pain in the butt too.
- Especially when we're at uni...
- Hey, hey, hey!
What? Are you going to let on
something about me?
You'll burn the house down
if I do it to you.
I'm lucky there's someone
to cook for me.
Shut up and eat.
The three of us haven't
eaten together for a while now.
I'm going to be late.
I have to get going.
Oh?
Are you leaving already?
Yes.
Stay home with Mai.
If there's anything, just call me.
- See you.
- Okay.
Please get your makeup
and hair done over there.
Okay.
It's not like we've
discussed before.
Can you stop causing
so much trouble?
I already did what you wanted.
Now you're forcing me
to do this kind of thing too?
A no-name celebrity like you.
Do you think you'll be famous
after being in one of my movies?
Your acting is average
and never reliable.
If it wasn't for your body
and looks, you'd be useless.
Even though I'm not skilled yet,
I don't want to start selling it.
I'm not telling you to sell it.
I'm telling you to entertain
the investors.
Wouldn't it be good to get to know
those millionaires?
If you want to keep
moving forward in showbiz,
you should have someone
to support you
and sponsor you. Don't you know?
But I don't want to do
something like that anymore.
Why are you being so stubborn?
Huh?
Do you know that female celebrities
are born every day?
And every day some will expire.
Do you think that you can
always stay at the top?
What did you say?
Let's do it this way.
If you really don't want to do it,
I have another option for you.
You don't have to entertain
those investors.
Just entertain me. I guarantee
that you'll be rewarded handsomely.
Hey!
Come on. That's enough.
Do you want the crew
to know about this?
Busybody.
Who told you to butt in?
I didn't want to.
But anyone would step in to help
if they saw this.
Next time, don't.
I can look after myself.
Rin, I'm going to the bank.
Can you watch the house?
Of course.
Sorry. I'll be right back.
I'll lock the door.
Mai, I'll be okay.
Okay. I'll be right back.
When did I forget this?
Hello, Praew.
Hello, Rin.
Are you with Porsche?
I'm not.
What's going on?
I can't get a hold of him.
So I thought he was with you.
Well, then.
I'll help you call him.
If I can get a hold of him,
I'll let you know.
Thank you.
I'll get on with what I was doing.
Talk to you later.
Okay. Bye.
Where did he go?
I'm sorry!
You're still so beautiful.
You haven't changed one bit.
It's nothing, really.
How are you doing?
I'm alright.
What about you?
I'm doing okay.
Why don't you
get married?
As for me,
I'm already married.
Oh,
why didn't I know about this?
I saw you smiling.
I'm happy that you still can.
I was smiling
- but I...
- I have a lot to tell you.
This place hasn't changed at all.
It always reminds me of you.
- Excuse me.
- We used to be so happy.
Don't you think so?
Can you even hear me?
Uhh...
Why do you
have to lie to me about being deaf?
Cut, cut, cut.
Scene 65, cut 1, take 1.
Well... Primrose,
what were you doing?
The character
has to be more powerful.
She has to feel very sad.
Once you find out that he's deaf,
what does that mean? It means
that whatever you say,
he won't hear you.
You know that you can't communicate
with him properly anymore, right?
More sadness!
Okay, okay.
Can we do it again?
Yes, from the top.
Okay. Please go there again.
Okay. One more time.
Take!
And action!
You're still so beautiful.
You haven't changed one bit.
It's nothing, really.
How are you doing?
Cut, cut, cut.
Gosh.
Come here.
Do you know that you're
wasting my time?
And not just me,
the entire crew as well.
Why can't you concentrate?
Should we let her rest a bit?
It seems like she isn't ready yet.
Excuse me, Tan.
The authority to tell people whether
they can rest or not lies with me.
But if the actor
really can't perform,
are you going to be mean to her?
Tan, it's okay. I can do it.
Let's keep going.
That's my Primrose.
Let's continue.
Okay. Come on. One more time.
Tan, please...
But I can't do it.
Excuse me,
I need a break.
Is Mai home?
Uhh...
Mai went out to run some errands.
What's the matter?
I brought some liquid food
and groceries.
I'm going away for a few days.
Whose are these?
They're for Rung, of course.
The lady who's sleeping
on the second floor.
Haven't you met her?
Oh. I have.
I have to go now.
Hold on.
Well,
what's the matter with Rung?
Rin.
Huh?
Are you okay?
Uhh...
Sao, the nurse,
said that she's going to
be out of town for a few days.
So she
brought these things over.
They're for Rung.
Thank you.
Oh?
Why are you home early?
I asked to leave early.
Someone from the set is calling.
Did you do something again?
Hello?
Okay. I'll head over to the set.
Okay.
Tan!
You're dead meat once I'm back!
The outfit! I'll be back.
I feel sorry for her
that she has to lie there
like Sleeping Beauty.
I've been her nurse
for two years now.
The more I know about her,
the more I feel sorry for her.
Out of nowhere,
all of her hard work
got plagiarized.
So she lost the will to live.
Her work was plagiarized?
I only know it in passing.
But I don't know the details.
I have to get going now.
All of her hard work
got plagiarized.
So she lost the will to live.
What's wrong?
There's quite a bit to think about.
What about you?
I'm thinking about my career.
Being an actor?
Yes.
Actually, I don't really
want to be an actor or anything.
But there's something
that requires a lot of money.
So I have to bear with it for now.
Is it about your sister?
I'm sorry.
Is it something that you want to
keep as a secret?
No.
There is nothing to hide.
But I'm fed up with
answering people's questions.
From both the press
and other people.
You know I'm not keen
on those kinds of things.
My sister used to dream
about becoming a designer.
But before she was
able to achieve it,
she became Sleeping Beauty.
It's been three years already.
Mai and I have been caring for her.
It's funny, really.
The person who has the dream
is fast asleep.
But the person who has to wake up
and go to work every day like me,
has no dream at all.
How is it wrong
not having a dream?
Actually,
you are
quite sensitive.
Me?
Yes.
It's because I've always
heard your thoughts
through the rain.
So I know that
you are very mindful
of your surroundings.
And you are very observant
about minor details.
Am I like that?
That's right.
Thanks for understanding.
You're also different
from what I thought.
Really? How?
When I first met you,
I felt that you were
stuck in your own head.
That's not a compliment, is it?
But I didn't think that
you could also be very lovely.
Lovely?
Are my ears playing tricks on me?
Well, I'm trying to become
the prince that you like so much.
Is this
close enough
to the prince you've envisioned?
I think I'm hungry.
Let's find something to eat.
Rin,
wait up.
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
I won't let it happen again.
If it does, I'll remove him
from the movie.
I heard he's famous now. So?
Does he think he can treat others
however he wants to?
It's not like that.
I'll take responsibility.
Warn him for me.
Okay. I'm sorry.
Mai.
It's not Tanthai's fault.
I think he did it because of me.
Yes?
Can I ask you a favor?
It's me.
Give back what's mine!
Oh, you're up.
You're up early too.
I had a dream about Rung last night.
So I came to see her
after I woke up.
Are you alright?
Why do you look so pale?
Oh...
It's nothing.
Women always look pale
when they've just woken up.
Are you hungry?
A little.
I'll help you cook today.
Sure.
Then give it your best shot.
I want to try your cooking.
Wait, Tan.
The thing is,
I'd like to ask you about Rung.
Sure.
Well, Rung...
Hold on a second.
Hello?
Okay. I'll be right there.
Who was it?
Oh, no one.
I'll see you later.
- Here it is.
- Thank you.
I'm sorry for bothering you
all of the sudden like this.
Well...
I'd like to thank you.
I've dreamed about becoming
an actor for a while now.
But I know that the path to
becoming one isn't easy.
I've given up so much
to be able to get here.
In my life, there are no choices.
So I've always had to let
myself be oppressed.
You're misunderstanding something.
Everyone always has a choice.
As for me, sometimes
I have to do things that
I don't want to do as well.
But I have to do it
in exchange for something else.
But the thing I will never let go of
is my own self-worth.
I guess
I don't look so good in your eyes.
Wait.
Can you listen to me for a bit?
I don't want you
to misunderstand me.
What you said is probably true.
But first, I'm sorry to have
made you feel worse.
You don't have to care
about those people.
Just be yourself.
But if I don't care about others
like you said,
I'd end up like you.
But what you get for being like me
is freedom.
Thank you for reminding me.
Is there anything
I can do to thank you?
Just treat me to some coffee.
That's all?
Who said that's all?
The coffee is on you
until we finish filming this movie.
Hello, is this
the "Tai Tiang Banterng" page?
I told you I won't cause
any more trouble.
Why didn't you stay home with Rin?
I don't want her to be home alone.
I had no choice.
I'm worried about her too.
But last time, I had to pay
for all the damages.
If something happens again, I won't
be able to pay up anymore.
I know. I'm sorry.
But I'm worried about Rarin.
I know that too.
I've already told her
to lock the door.
Nothing's going to happen.
How about this? I'll call Rarin
when you're shooting a scene.
So you can rest assured.
- But...
- No buts.
They're waiting. Get to work.
Mm-hmm.
Hello.
- What's going on?
- Shall we begin?
- Sure.
- Have you seen this?
What's going on?
Hello, everyone.
Here.
Your coffee, as promised.
Thank you.
Oh.
(Tai Tiang Banterng)
(Love in real life.
Tanthai-Primrose)
Something urgent came up.
I might have to leave soon.
Who was it?
Oh, no one.
I'll see you later.
Is this
close enough
to the prince you've envisioned?
Hello, Porsche.
I'm sorry, Rin.
- Where have you been?
- I went to find myself in Tibet.
Tibet?
I'm sorry for doing this and not
thinking about your feelings at all.
But I've got things
all figured out now.
From now on,
I'm going to be a better person.
Can you give me a chance?
What are you talking about?
Anyway, you can come back now. I...
Everyone's worried about you.
I just landed.
Where are you, Rin? At the studio?
I’ll drop by there.
No.
I'm not.
The thing is,
there's a bit of a problem.
Why do you have to
lie to me about being deaf?
I have something to attend to.
Excuse me.
Poom.
I'm sorry.
I almost got away with it, didn't I?
I tried to read your lips
but it's still...
You almost had me fooled.
You were good
at pretending to hear me.
I don't know
what you're saying at all.
I only know that you're crying.
Poom!
I...
love you.
I love you too.
- Cut.
- All good.
That's a wrap for today, everyone!
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Let's get things packed up.
What are you doing?
Pack everything up now.
Thank you.
Awesome.
Thank you to you too.
You did well too.
- Are you going home?
- I am. Goodbye.
Get in.
I want to have a word with you.
I'm not giving you a lift.
Get in.
I saw the news
about you and Tan.
You're good.
There's nothing going on between us.
I don't care if there is or isn't.
I want you to keep making
the headlines like this
because it's good for the movie's
publicity, understand?
And why do I have to?
Richie told me
that your mom is neck-deep in debt.
Think carefully.
Fame always comes with money.
And it doesn't matter
how you gain it.
I've shown you the way.
It's a win-win situation.
Isn't a rumor about
being with a male celebrity
better than being
a foreign investors's sugar baby?
Think about it.
You can get out now.
It's good that we finished
early tonight.
I'm really worried about Rarin.
Oh, wow!
If you were half as worried
about work as you are with Rarin,
I'd be ever so grateful.
Whose car is that?
Tan!
What are you doing here?
- Let's go, Porsche.
- Come on.
Rin.
I have to go back to my place.
But you're safer here.
Tan,
I'm okay.
I'll take care of you.
Don't worry.
I can take care of you too.
But you have to work.
I have to work too.
When I stay here,
I'm not inspired to work.
I want to go back and work
in my own space.
Porsche,
can I talk to you in private?
Gladly.
Rin, wait for me in the car.
I won't be long.
Wait inside, Mai.
What do you really want?
I know that before,
I wasn't fair with you.
But you were sneaky too.
You used the excuse that
Rin was harmed to detain her.
Detain?
I just wanted to take responsibility
and protect her.
Are you sure
that you didn't
fall in love with Rin?
You only used this excuse
to bind her to you. That's all.
I'm telling you. I've decided
to propose to Rin,
seriously.
See?
This is what they called readiness.
I'm ready to take care of her.
I believe that my feelings
towards her are no less than yours.
Have you asked yourself
if you're ready to take care of her?
Are you sure that she'll be happy
when she's with you?
If you can't answer those questions,
it means you don't deserve her.
That's all. Don't stress out.
If you can't answer those questions,
it means you don't deserve her.
The person who dropped you off
must have helped you a lot,
isn't that right?
When are you going
to accept the feelings
I have towards you that are
more than just friendship?
Marry me, Rin.